1. Who decides how your information is used?

The app developers are the data controllers responsible for making decisions about how your personal information is used.

2. What information is collected and how is it used?

This Privacy Policy covers our use of any information that can or could be used to identify you ("Personal Data"). It does not cover information which cannot be used to identify you ("Anonymous Data").

We need to collect and use certain Personal Data to provide the services to you and fulfil the functionality of the app:

When you sign up for our Services you give us Personal Data voluntarily by providing it to us, for example when you sign up for an account. We collect and use that information in order to authenticate you when you register an account and use the Services, to make sure you are eligible and able to receive the Services, and so that you receive the correct version of the Services. That information includes the in-game username you choose to use on our Services, and internal account IDs that we assign to your account.

We collect and use your device location information as you use our Services. We identify your location using a variety of technologies, including GPS, the WiFi points you are accessing the Service through and mobile/cell tower triangulation.

We further use the information above in order to provide technical and customer support to you.

3. Who we share information with

We will not share any Personal Data that we have collected from or regarding you except as described below:

Information Shared with the UK Bat Conservation. We engage with the UK Bat Conservation Trust to work with us to administer and provide the services. As part of that they will process your Personal Data on our behalf. The external service provider has access to your Personal Data only for the purpose of performing services on our behalf, in compliance with this Privacy Policy, and we make sure they are contractually obliged not to disclose or use your Personal Data for any other purpose. The UK Bat Conservation Trust helps us to:

Verify registered volunteers as users

Verify sighting reports

Information Disclosed for Our Protection and the Protection of Others. We cooperate with government and law enforcement officials or private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We only share information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties when we reasonably believe necessary or appropriate: (a) to respond to claims, legal process (including subpoenas and warrants); (b) to protect our property, rights, and safety and the property, rights, and safety of a third party or the public in general; and (c) to investigate and stop any activity that we consider illegal, unethical, or legally actionable.

4. How your Personal Data is transferred

Your Personal Data will very likely be transferred and stored in a country outside of your home country, including in the USA, for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy. The data protection laws in these countries may not be the same as in your home country.

If we transfer your Personal Data to other countries, including the USA, we ensure that a similar degree of protection is provided to your Personal Data by ensuring that at least one of the following safeguards is implemented:

The country that your Personal Data is transferred to is a country that the European Commission has deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for Personal Data as the EEA.

We use specific contracts approved by the European Commission which give Personal Data the same protection as it has in Europe when we engage with service providers.

Where we engage with service providers in the USA, they are part of the EU-US Privacy Shield, which requires them to provide the same protection of your Personal Data as it has in the EEA.

5. How we keep your Personal Data safe

We have appropriate security measures in place to prevent your Personal Data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorized way, improperly altered or disclosed. We also limit access to your Personal Data to employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your Personal Data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality. We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected Personal Data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.

6. How long we will keep your Personal Data

We keep your Personal Data for as long as we need to provide the Services to you and fulfil the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. This is also the case for anyone that we share your information with and who carry out services on our behalf.

When we no longer need to use your Personal Data and there is no need for us to keep it to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations, we will either remove it from our systems or anonymize it so that it can no longer be associated with you. When removing Personal Data, we will take commercially reasonable and technically feasible measures to make said Personal Data irrecoverable or irreproducible.

7. Your rights and choices

You have certain rights in relation to your Personal Data. In order to exercise these rights, please contact us.

You can:

Request access to the Personal Data we hold on you.

Delete or correct your Personal Data.

9. Changes to this Privacy Policy

Any Personal Data that we collect is covered by the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is collected. We may make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time. You will be given reasonable notice of any material change.

10. Third Parties

In using our Services you may access links to websites and services that are owned or operated by third parties (each, a “Third Party Service”). Any information that you provide on or to a Third Party Service or that is collected by a Third Party Service is provided directly to the owner or operator of the Third Party Service and is subject to the owner’s or operator’s privacy policy. We’re not responsible for the content, privacy, or security practices and policies of any Third Party Service. To protect your information we recommend that you carefully review the privacy policies of all Third Party Service that you access.